---
title: Designer
date: 2019-03-01 21:25:00 Z
published: false
categories:
- Creative
location: Washington DC
---

Our client, advocacy agency based in Washington DC is looking for a Designer to join their growing creative team. The agency takes complex issues and conceives innovative traditional to interactive communications for their local and national clients.

As the Designer you will lead traditional/digital focused projects and bring them to life. You will approach briefs with a balanced and innovative mindset, always taking into consideration of how it looks and how it works. You will manage the quality of design throughout all phases of a project, maintain quality of design in accordance to agency standards. Collaborate across agency departments and service lines, working closely with copywriters, art directors, design director, technology team,  strategists, account services and project management disciplines.

The ideal person:

* 2-4 years of experience in an agency or client-side setting.

* A portfolio that demonstrates cutting edge creative work, and a master-level understanding of design, including typography and layout.

* Experience in creating UX documentation, some animation, style guide creation, video production and marketing messaging.

* Can own projects from concept to execution with little oversight.

* Exceptional communication skills within the agency team and with clients.

* Outstanding presentation skills.

* Expert proficiency with Illustrator, Photoshop, InDesign, and other design programs, as well as emerging design trends.

* Working knowledge of HTML is a plus.

Our client is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at their company. They do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.